This package includes the WITH-FBOUND "big fat macro" that builds on top of Eos.

This macro is largely a hack and requires some extensive modifications
to Eos' check.lisp code. Because of this I cannot promise that this
package will not break when Eos upstream moves. Until Eos starts
releasing versioned releases in the system definition files I cannot
specify what versions this library is compatable with. The version of
Eos at http://github.com/Nixeagle/Eos is what this package is developed
against.

This package is released seperately as several
of my projects will be using this macro and the source needs to be out
there. It is already known the macro will _NOT_ be going into the source
of Eos as it plans to be a small test library similar to RT.

In essence:

  - reason strings are transformed to docstrings which are seperate from
    the reason strings on an error. These strings explain why the test
    was written.

  - The macro itself layers ontop of the IS macro to encapsulate a group
    of tests against one function. The docstring for the macro explains
    what it does. Additionally there are 19 unit tests against the macro
    to verify reasonably correct behavior.

  - The is macro has several new cases: "comparable" for evaluating the
    actual result before evaluating the expected result. This is helpful
    for testing those unprintable objects. Also added is typep which
    just prints a better failure reason that makes sense in the context
    of checking a type.

  - The is macro treats find-predicate specially. Find-predicate is a
    generic function that returns a predicate to use given two
    arguments. It uses this to look up the correct predicate to compare
    against by passing the evaluated results of both the expected and
    actual results. Given something like (is (find-predicate 1 1)) it
    will look up and correctly use the = predicate for comparing two
    numbers. The test-result object correctly shows the effective test
    as (= 1 1) as well as uses = in the reason string on failure.

  - Test results are made inspectable where it makes sense for them to
    be so. The test object has an actual and an expected result value.

CREDITS

This package depends on both iterate and Eos itself. All the source code
in check.lisp is modified from Eos which can be obtained at
http://github.com/adlai/Eos and was forked from 5am by Adlai Chandrasekhar.

The original license from http://www.cliki.net/FiveAM (5am) is in COPYING.

The license from Eos is in LICENCE

The licence for these modifications are in LICENCE.Nixeagle